dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizField: CreateTableWizField()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizField: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizard: CreateTableWizard()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.CreateTableWizard: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.DBViewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.DBViewer: DBViewer()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.DBViewer: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.FilterBuilder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.FilterBuilder: FilterBuilder()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.FilterBuilder: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.Help
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.Help: Help()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick: OpenOnClick()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick2
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick2: OpenOnClick2()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick2: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick3
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick3: OpenOnClick3()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.OpenOnClick3: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.Prefs
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.Prefs: Prefs()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.QueryViewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.QueryViewer: QueryViewer()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.QueryViewer: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$array: int ModeValues
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$array: int Modes
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int background
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int black
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int blue
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int d_yellow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int frontred
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int gray
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int green
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int hp_orange
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int orange
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int red
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$color: int yellow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int and
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_app
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_csv
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_database
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_document
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_file
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_folder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_folder_old
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_folder_up
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_menu_close_clear_cancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_menu_help
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_menu_preferences
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int ic_sql
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int large_icon
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int sqlite_icon
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int star
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$drawable: int textviewstates
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int About
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Clear
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Data
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int DatabaseToView
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Fields
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Filter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterBTNAdd
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterButtonClear
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterButtonOk
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterETValue
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterQuery
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterSPField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int FilterSPQualifier
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Index
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int LVList
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int LineEditor
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int NewDB
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int NewRec
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int OK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Open
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int OpenClickFile
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int OpenClickOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int PgDwn
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int PgUp
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int ProgressTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int ProgressTitle
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Query
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int QueryFrame
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Recently
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int RememberDecision
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Run
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int SQLListView
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int SQLStm
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int SelectFolder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int ShowAtStartUp
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int ShowTipAgain
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Sql
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int TableToView
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Tables
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int TextView01
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int TextViewTip
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Transaction
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Version
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int Views
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int aaa
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int about_content
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int about_header
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int btnMOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int btnSOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int cbAscending
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int cbIgnoreCase
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int cbRoot
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int cbSorting
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_ex_cansel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_ex_fields
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_ex_ok
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_first_lines
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_imp_cansel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_imp_fields
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_imp_ok
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int csv_imp_reread
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int cvs_imp_skip
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int databaseName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int datagrid
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int date
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int dialog
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int edFileFilter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int headinggrid
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int icon
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int image
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int label
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int layout_root
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int lineItem
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int logo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int mail
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFieldCancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFieldOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldAutoInc
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldDef
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldDesc
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldFKFie
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldFKTab
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldNull
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldPK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldSpType
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFldUnique
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFolder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newFolderSelectButton
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newMessage
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newTabAddField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newTabCancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newTabOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newTabSV
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int newTabTabName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int path
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int progressbar_Horizontal
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int progressbar_default
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int radioDate
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int radioExt
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int radioName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int radioSize
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int radioSortBy
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int rowtext
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int save_cansel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int save_file_name
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int save_fp
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int save_ok
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int size
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizAddField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizCancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldAutoInc
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldCancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldDef
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldDesc
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldFKFie
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldFKTab
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldNull
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldPK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldSV
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldType
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizFieldUnique
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizSV
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int tabWizTabName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int text
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$id: int translation
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int about
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int adaptor_content
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int create_field
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int create_table
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int csv_export
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int csv_import
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int datagrid
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int dbviewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int dialog
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int file_picker_sorting
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int filepicker
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int filerow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int filter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int filter_wizard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int fp_row_layout
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int help
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int line_editor
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int main
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int new_database
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int new_welcome
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int newfilepicker
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int old_table_viewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int onclickopen
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int progressbar
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int query_viewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int root_warning
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int row
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int row_layout
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int save_file
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int sql_line
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int sqlviewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int table_viewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int tablewizard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int tablewizfield
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int testdatagrid
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$layout: int tip
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AAA
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int About
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AboutHeader
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AboutText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AddField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AddToFavorites
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AddToFilter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AlwaysJustOpen
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Ascending
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int AutoIndex
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BasicConfiguration
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BeginTransaction
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BlobEditMessage
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BlobExtractMessage
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BlobHint
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BlobReadWrite
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ByDate
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ByExtension
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ByName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int BySize
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVEImortError
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVExport
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVExportError
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVExportSavedHere
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVImport
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CSVImported
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CanNotRead
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CanNotReadFile
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Cancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CannotDeleteAutoIndex
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CannotDeleteSysTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CannotReadSystemDirs
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Clear
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Commit
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CommitChanges
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CommitChangesTo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CommitText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CopiedToClipboard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CouldNotCreate
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CreateField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int CreateTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBData
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBFields
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBIndex
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBIndexs
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBInfo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBQuery
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBQueryType
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBSQL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBTables
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBView
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DBViews
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DataBaseExported
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DataBaseRestored
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DataExported
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Database
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DatabaseExists
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DatabaseInfo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DebugPreferences
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DefaultMode
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DefaultModeText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Delete
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DeleteField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DeleteIndex
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DeleteTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DeleteView
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DescAutoIncError
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogAgain
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogCancel
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogNo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogOK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogRetry
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogSureResetAllSettingsMsg
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogSureResetAllSettingsTitle
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DialogYes
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DropItem
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DumpFailed
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int DumpTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Edit
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EditDeleteRow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EditRow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EnterFileName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EnterFilter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EnterRoot
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EnterValues
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int EnterWhere
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Error
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ErrorNothingToExport
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ExecuteStatement
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Exit
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Export
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ExportData
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Extract
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FKDefError
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FKLists
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FKListsText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Favorites
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FieldsToExport
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FieldsToImport
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FileNameAndPath
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FileNotFound
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FilePickerChooseThisFolder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FileTypeFilter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Filter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FilterHint
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int First
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FontSize
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int FontSizeText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ForeignKeys
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ForeignKeysText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Help
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int HelpHeader
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int HelpText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int IgnoreCase
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int InTransaction
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int IndexDefCopied
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int InsertNewRow
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int InvalidOrEmptyFK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int IsNotADatabase
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Last
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Later
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int LeavingRoot
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int LinesToSkip
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Load
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Location
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int LoggingText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int LoggingTitle
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MAIL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MainScreenInPortrait
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MainScreenInPortraitText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MaxWidth
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MaxWidthText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Message
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MustEnterFieldName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MustEnterTableNameAndOneField
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MustGiveFileName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int MustNotBeEmpty
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int New
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewDB
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewDBName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewDBPath
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewDBSDCard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewFileName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewFilePath
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NewRec
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int No
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoDatabaseOpen
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoExportToRestore
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoFavorites
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoFieldsSelected
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoFileName
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoRecentFiles
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoResult
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoRootMsg
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoSDCard
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoSuchDatabase
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NoThanks
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Normal
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NotAnArror
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NothingToCommit
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NothingToInsert
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int NothingToRolledback
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OK
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OnClickedMess
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OnClickedOpen
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OneMoreToExit
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OpdenDB
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Open
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OpenDatabase
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int OpenSQL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Option
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PageSize
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PageSizeText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Path
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Patience
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PauseText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PauseTitle
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PgDn
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PgUp
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PlaceItHere
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PlaceNewDBHere
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int PressMenuSQL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int QEMaxLines
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int QEMaxLinesText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int QEMinLines
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int QEMinLinesText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ROSystemTable
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Rate
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RateMsg
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ReRead
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ReadingScript
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RecentSQL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Recently
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RecentlyTxt
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Reset
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Restore
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Rollback
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Root
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootEdit1
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootEdit2
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootFilePickerMsg
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootFilePickerTxt
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootNeeded
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootNotFound
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootUseWarning
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int RootWarning
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Run
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SQLEditor
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SQLPreferences
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Save
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SaveSQL
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SaveSQLText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SelectFromList
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SelectValue
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ShowAtStartUp
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ShowRootWarning
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ShowTipAgain
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Sorting
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SortingAndFilter
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int StrangeErr
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SuFoundMSG
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SuShell
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SuShellText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SuperUserPreferences
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SystemFolder
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int SystemFolderText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int TableDef
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int TableDumpep
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Tip
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Tip1
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Tip2
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Tip3
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Tip4
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int ToastResetedAllSettings
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Transaction
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Translation
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int UpdatesCommitted
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int UpdatesRolledback
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int UseRoot
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int UseRootText
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Version
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int VersionNo
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int View
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int WWW
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Warning
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Welcome
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int WelcomeMsg
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Working
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int Yes
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int app_name
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$string: int hello
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.R$xml: int settings
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.SQLViewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.SQLViewer: SQLViewer()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.SQLViewer: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.TableViewer
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.TableViewer: TableViewer()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.TableViewer: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.aSQLiteManager
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.aSQLiteManager: aSQLiteManager()
dk.andsen.asqlitemanager.aSQLiteManager: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.csv.CsvExport: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.csv.CsvImport: void onClick(android.view.View)
dk.andsen.filepicker.FilePicker
dk.andsen.filepicker.FilePicker: FilePicker()
dk.andsen.types.AField$FieldType: dk.andsen.types.AField$FieldType[] values()
dk.andsen.types.AField$FieldType: dk.andsen.types.AField$FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
dk.andsen.utils.FilePickerMode: dk.andsen.utils.FilePickerMode[] values()
dk.andsen.utils.FilePickerMode: dk.andsen.utils.FilePickerMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
